more important company data you need to
give access to your where you or any
number of sources that might be that I
try to get just one sentence out.
>> Hi, I'm Andrew. I'm one of the software
engineers here at warp and today I'm
going to talk about MCP server support.
This is our old input format and we have
a new format that we call the universal
input. In the old mode, we support a
chip here, which tells you when you've
activated a virtual environment, which
is listed here. And you can see if I
switch to universal, that chip is not
available. Help me solve this ticket.
At this point, Warp has no idea what a
ticket is, where to find the ticket. We
do our ticketing through Linear, and
Linear has an MCP server we can add
support for. So, you can hear it, see,
it's trying to check GitHub, and it's
not able to do anything. So, I'm going
to go ahead and cancel this and I'm
going to add in the linear MCP server.
Right here, I can just click add and
then paste in the JSON. And right here,
you can see the MCP server starting up
and it's got a list of tools it can use
for reading and writing to tickets. One
more nice thing we can do is add a rule
here that I'm going to call check
linear, which allows me to sort of
communicate just say here's a ticket and
inform it that it should check linear
for tickets. So now if I start a new
conversation again and I say help me
solve this ticket.
[Music]
One of the cool ways about how we
implemented MCP support is we allowed it
to be highly dynamic. So if you start a
conversation without an MCP server and
you start a server in the middle of your
conversation, your next message is going
to have that as context. Now you can see
uh it's identified the MCP server
successfully. I can go ahead and hit
run.
[Music]
And you can see here it was able to grab
context from linear directly. I'm going
to go ahead and run cargo run and see if
the features working. And look at that.
That's pretty straightforward. Worked
right away. It was able to go to linear,
grab all the context it needed to figure
out which problem it needed to solve,
look through the code to identify how
other chips were implemented, and
ultimately build this with very little
input on my part. It just kind of
worked.